Update Blackfire and other observability tools documentation (#1897)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/integrations/observability/blackfire.md

---
title: "Blackfire"
description: |

>   Platform.sh recommends [Blackfire.io](https://blackfire.io/). Blackfire is a full continuous observability solution (monitoring, profiler and automated performance testing tool). It can be used in the development Integration, Staging, and Production environments. Blackfire supports PHP and Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Platform.sh recommends [Blackfire.io](https://blackfire.io/). Blackfire is a full continuous observability solution (monitoring, profiling, and automated performance testing tool). It can be used in the development Integration, Staging, and Production environments. Blackfire supports PHP and Python.
```

>   Platform.sh recommends [Blackfire.io](https://blackfire.io/). Blackfire is a full continuous observability solution (monitoring, profiling, and automated performance testing tool). It can be used in the development Integration, Staging, and Production environments. Blackfire supports PHP and Python.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Platform.sh recommends [Blackfire.io](https://blackfire.io/). Blackfire is a full continuous observability solution (monitoring, profiling, and automated performance testing tool). It can be used on Integration, Staging, and Production environments. Blackfire supports PHP and Python.
```

> Blackfire also enables to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blackfire also enables you to:
```
